# Clothing Store Marketing Stategy

## Project Details
This project is based on data gathered from a clothing store chain that uses various marketing initiatives to promote sales. 

The task is to classify which customers will respond to mail marketing campaigns based on data collected from past customers. The ultimate objective is to the increase the profitability of the store, and you are given a cost-benefit table below to help determine the optimal classification threshold. A false negative is a more costly error than a false positive for this business scenario, as the cost of sending a marketing mail is lower than the profit generated by a responded customer. The response variable is “customerIsResponse”. The “customerID” field is unique, automatically generated, and has no relation to the other variables. 

More details are specified in PROJECT DETAILS.pdf file

The project employs the following steps:
1) Data importing and cleaning
2) Exploratory Data Analysis and Feature Engineering
3) Development of models and testing:
       - a) Random Forest
       - b) Support Vector Machine
       - c) K-Nearest Neighbours
       - d) Neural Networks 

## To-Do
1) Download the repository. 
2) The main codes are within StoreProfitability_Notebook.ipynb
3) The dataset is data.csv
4) Change the dataset's location name in StoreProfitability_Notebook.ipynb

## List of files
1) PROJECT DETAILS.pdf - A pdf with a brief introduction to the project. 
2) Results Summary.docx - A word document with snippets of the final results from different trained and tested models
3) StoreProfitability_Notebook.ipynb - Python Notebook for the project
4) data.csv - Dataset

